Bump version to 0.1.0 (#158)
ably/spaces: CHANGELOG.md

# CHANGELOG

## v0.1.0

> In this release, we're advancing Spaces from alpha to beta. Simultaneously, while we're introducing this library to a wider audience, we've decided to move it to the `ably` organisation. Spaces is no longer an experiment, it's something we see as an excellent supplement to our core SDKs and are committed to grow and support it (if you are one of our early adopters, this means you need to update your `package.json` from `@ably-labs/spaces` to `@ably/spaces`).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In this release, we're advancing Spaces from alpha to beta. Along with introducing this library to a wider audience, we've decided to move it to the `ably` organisation as Spaces is no longer an experiment, it's something we see as an excellent supplement to our core SDKs to help developers build collaborative environments in their apps. We are committed to grow and officially maintain it. 

If you are one of our early adopters, this means you need to update your `package.json` from `@ably-labs/spaces` to `@ably/spaces`.
```

> Visit [official documentation on Ably's website]() to learn more about Spaces. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Visit [official documentation on Ably's website]() to learn more about Spaces and understand what the beta status means for you.
```
